FAQ rework, replacing outdated info, better interaction FAQ (#2106)
RogueException/Discord.Net: docs/faq/basics/getting-started.md

## How do I add my bot to my server/guild?

> Inviting your bot can be done by using the O2Auth url generator provided by the [Discord Developer Portal].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inviting your bot can be done by using the OAuth2 url generator provided by the [Discord Developer Portal].
```

Permissions can be granted by selecting the `bot` scope in the scopes section.

![Scopes](images/scopes.png)

A permissions tab will appear below the scope selection,
from which you can pick any permissions your bot may require to function.
When invited, the role this bot is granted will include these permissions.
If you grant no permissions, no role will be created for your bot upon invitation as there is no need for one.

![Permissions](images/permissions.png)

When done selecting permissions, you can use the link below in your browser to invite the bot

> to servers you have `Manage Server` permission of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to servers where you have the `Manage Server` permission.
```
